---
layout: post
title: kyoto.maidlab.jp
date: 2012-06-25 07:30
updated: 2013-02-25 21:22
categories: projects
---
**Notice**: If you're here to find information about maidlab.jp, this is 
the wrong place. Maidlab.jp is a top level domain name whose use is shared 
through the non-profit DNS hosting services at afraid.org. I know nothing 
more than that, but thanks for visiting.

**Second Notice (2013.06.29)**: Yes, the maintainer of maidlab.jp stealthed 
his domain on afraid.org. No, I don't know the reason behind it. That said, 
these links are mostly broken.

So, over this weekend I've set up [kyoto.maidlab.jp][] to point to this 
server. I'm going to start using this virtual host for my own projects, I 
suppose. Right now, I've made a pretty front page in just a matter of 
minutes, and just today I've set up some form of a public upload site using 
restricted SSH. I've wrote a script to make the whole set-up and upload 
process not too difficult, but enough to prevent automated spam bots.

This is basically how I set it up and use it, though the instructions differ:

    [liliff@hicari ~]$ wget -qO - http://kyoto.maidlab.jp/kmjp.sh > ./bin/kmjp
    [liliff@hicari ~]$ chmod +x ./bin/kmjp
    [liliff@hicari ~]$ kmjp bin/kmjp 
    Downloading private key...
    Private key now stored at /home/liliff/.ssh/kmjp-upload.
    Uploading bin/kmjp...
    kmjp                                      100% 1419     1.4KB/s   00:00    
    Success! Uploaded file can be found at:
    http://kyoto.maidlab.jp/p/kmjp

Pretty neat, isn't it? I'm basically giving access to SCP for anyone for a 
particular folder on the server. The major flaw I have right now is that 
files may be overwritten, which is something I'll be looking into resolving 
server-side. It's also somewhat amusing how the script itself auto-updates 
should there be a change on the server's version of the script. Useful.

Update (9:17): It's been updated to use rsync instead of scp now, to get 
around the overwriting files issue.

Update (16 Feb 2013): This didn't turn out to be very safe to unleash to 
the public. I wrote [an article that goes into detail about public scp][]. 
As a result, the above script and associated private key are no longer available 
for download.

[an article that goes into detail about public scp]: {% post_url 2013-02-16-using-scp-to-provide-a-public-upload-service %}
[kyoto.maidlab.jp]: http://kyoto.maidlab.jp
